1. Part compatibility logic and rules need a full audit. For example: I started with a 3t Exploro Racemax gravel bike frame, but when i then moved to Wheels, it said there wwere none available, but I know there are because its a standard gravel bike hub spacing in real life, so either we screwed up the input and made a spec wrong, or its a lableling issue or just the logic itself. Also, I then did a Cannondale SuperSix EVO road bike frame, ENVE Wheels, Goodyear Tires and then it said there where no Bottom bracket options available. So, yeah, lots of rule/logic/labeling issues to sort out.
2. I tried to save a build and this time it let me enter a nmae to save the build as but when i tried to save it, it then said I need to sign in to save builds but never gave me a sign in page/link or anything to help me get there. So, if a user is not signed in and tries to save a build, on clicking the 'save' button, it should first check if the user is signed in and if not, then redirect them to sign in. Conversely, if a user is signed in and tries to save a build, it should allow them to save the build.
3. Again, frustrated with these issues, i attewmpted to just see the performence results of the build I couldn't save. However, when i clicked on the 'Performance' option, it took me there and not only were no parts loaded (like crankset and casette), but it also had no weight of the build at all. Also, the header of the performance page is still conflicting with the header cranksmith logo and status bar area, needs to be pushed further down, its so high you also cant even tap the back button to leave, you get stuck there.